description shall include an itemized list of the procedures performed, including electrical safety. PM
services shall include, but need not be limited to, the following:
1) Cleaning of equipment.
2) Reviewing operating system software diagnostics to ensure that the system is operating in
accordance with Section 3, Conformance Standards or the manufacturer's specifications.
3) Calibrating and lubricating the equipment.
4) Performing remedial maintenance of non-emergent nature.
5) Testing and replacing faulty and worn parts and/or parts likely to become faulty, fail or become
worn.
6) Inspecting and replacing where indicated, electrical wiring and cables for wear and fraying.
7) Inspecting, and replacing where indicated, all mechanical components which may include, but is
not limited to: X-ray tube mounting hardware, patient restraints and support devices, cables and
mounting hardware, chains, belts, bearings and tracks, interlocks, clutches, motors, keyboards, and
patient couches for mechanical integrity, safety, and performance.
8) Returning the equipment to the operating condition defined in Section 3, Conformance
Standards.
9) Providing documentation of services performed.
10) Inspecting and calibrating the hard copy image device.
B. PM services shall be performed in accordance with, and during the hours defined in, the
preventive maintenance schedule established herein. All exceptions to the PM schedule shall be
arranged and approved in advance with the COR.
C. Any charges for parts, services, manuals, tools, or software required to successfully complete
scheduled PM are included within this contract, and its agreed upon price, unless specifically stated in
writing otherwise.
8. PARTS: - The Contractor shall furnish and replace parts to meet uptime requirements. The
Contractor has ready access to all parts, including unique and/or high mortality replacement parts. All
parts supplied shall be compatible with existing equipment. The contract shall include all parts [except -
if applicable - those parts specifically listed as being EXCLUDED]. The contractor shall use new original
equipment manufacturer (OEM) parts. All parts shall be of current manufacture and have complete
versatility with the presently installed equipment. All parts shall perform identically to the original
equipment specifications. Rebuilt parts, used parts or those removed from another [name the
equipment], shall not be installed without specific approval by the CO or the COR. (The Contractor shall
also list any excluded parts under the service contract)